Brother Su Third Young Master really agreed to join us
It's true, it seems you guessed right
Su San Shao invited special guests this time
It should be Su Yingying
otherwise
I don't want to rush to see them right after the show
What a pity!
If it was Miss Su who invited us
Brother, you can take the opportunity to take him down
And I can also be one step closer to Su San Shao
But
Although it is a pity that she is not the real Miss Su family
As long as Sunan doesn't suggest it himself, it's fine.
No matter who is invited
Stronger than that bitch Sunan
This time, Miss Su
Sooner or later it has to be in my pocket
All I meet are self-feeding talents
I don't understand that Su Shao is not rich
We met at the party
at that time
You three young masters may have some misunderstandings about me.
I'm here to apologize to you today.
If there's anything you want to know, just ask me.
I'll tell you.
I heard the reason why you divorced Sunan
It's because he's from a bad family
There is indeed a reason for this
To tell the truth,
The real reason why I divorced Sunan
It's him who lies
Laughter doesn't change his marital affair
That's right, he loves vanity and corruption
He slept with a man?
And there are countless large sums of money
Even the butler of your Su family
Also his skirt minister
It's really easy.
I can't stand it. I just divorced him
But why have I heard of it and never experienced it?
It all depends on your sorry heart
Su Shao's income depends entirely on himself
If anyone can help
That has to be the thinking master in your hall
Lord, Sunan is just a stall
As if he did it?
I don't even deserve the qualification to win
You say yes.
Ha ha.
Indeed Su Hey
Yingying is just my second uncle's illegitimate daughter
Sunan reminds what is really on fire